MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Akagi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

THIRD PARTY NOTICES

This software incorporates components from the following open source projects:

1. Tauri Framework
   License: MIT OR Apache-2.0
   Copyright: Tauri Programme within The Commons Conservancy
   
2. React
   License: MIT
   Copyright: Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates
   
3. TypeScript
   License: Apache-2.0
   Copyright: Microsoft Corporation
   
4. Tokio
   License: MIT
   Copyright: Tokio Contributors
   
5. Serde
   License: MIT OR Apache-2.0
   Copyright: Erick Tryzelaar and Serde Contributors
   
6. Chrono
   License: MIT OR Apache-2.0
   Copyright: Kang Seonghoon and contributors
   
7. ROSC
   License: MIT/Apache-2.0
   Copyright: Klaus Schreiber
   
8. Reqwest
   License: MIT OR Apache-2.0
   Copyright: Sean McArthur and contributors

All third-party libraries are used under their respective open source licenses
which permit commercial use. Full license texts are available at:

- MIT License: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
- Apache License 2.0: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

================================================================================

DISCLAIMER

This software is not affiliated with VRChat Inc.
VRChat is a trademark of VRChat Inc.

This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the
authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the
software.
